mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered
stylesheet_version: 2024-09-23
set_info:
	description: Set symbol by Abelzumi
	set_code: MON
	set_language: EN
	symbol: symbol1.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	auto_errata: yes
	automatic_reminder_text: old, expert, pseudo, action, custom, lower case
	rarity_codes: yes
	card_number_style: 001/099
	sort_special_rarity: separate numbering
	custom_symbol_1: burst.png,File found,706,
	custom_symbol_2: light.png,File found,706,
	use_flavor_bar: yes
	custom_index: rarity,color,converted mana cost
	custom_mana_symbol_name: beep
styling:
	magic-m15:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-adventure:
		text box mana symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_top: 5
		frames: 
		other_options: auto nyx crowns, vorthos box
		font_cap: 
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-doublefaced-append:
		text box mana symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-emblem-cajun:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		other_options: use hovering pt, back color indicator
		custom_symbol_one: 
		custom_symbol_two: 
		level_1_chop: -5
		level_5_chop: -5
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		popout_image_style: 0,0,375,523,
		opacity: 
		default_image_size: no
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-override:
		text box mana symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-split-fusable:
		other_options: 
		popout_image_style: 23,14,485,345,
		remove_from_autocount: yes
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-treasure-maps:
		text box mana symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card sun-eyed fox
include_file: card ghastly spirit
include_file: card hellhound alpha
include_file: card firemane fox
include_file: card sprout tender
include_file: card moon-rune fox
include_file: card twinning psionic
include_file: card bug catcher
include_file: card flying scorpion
include_file: card canopy darter
include_file: card improvised guardian
include_file: card aspiring trainer
include_file: card barnacle crawler
include_file: card sludge drudger
include_file: card scuttling gnat
include_file: card truffle snuffer
include_file: card hex maniac
include_file: card maven of fear
include_file: card ruthless brawler
include_file: card ever-gnawing rat
include_file: card magma crawler
include_file: card rapid rodent
include_file: card cavern carver
include_file: card unstoppable weed
include_file: card tangling vines
include_file: card eager hatchling
include_file: card paralycker
include_file: card sanaitos blessing
include_file: card sandslinger
include_file: card wraith of the fens
include_file: card confusion
include_file: card lakeside trickster
include_file: card telekinecktic
include_file: card flamethrower
include_file: card sporecaster
include_file: card poison point
include_file: card tangle up
include_file: card eerie cocoons
include_file: card slinking sentinel
include_file: card nurse trainee
include_file: card weedy wanderer
include_file: card palm walker
include_file: card wandering dragonfly
include_file: card whirling winds
include_file: card nocturnal watcher
include_file: card pitfall pangolin
include_file: card revitalize
include_file: card work up
include_file: card poised koi
include_file: card wondering oaf
include_file: card compulsive patrol
include_file: card ghastly tether
include_file: card citadel bagworm
include_file: card forage
include_file: card fresh carrion
include_file: card hidden sprout
include_file: card natural cure
include_file: card crusher beetle
include_file: card sporecrowned scavenger
include_file: card garden guardian
include_file: card strategic planning
include_file: card ema the traveler
include_file: card end of monsters
include_file: card luna the lost
include_file: card ruined lab
include_file: card aeroblast
include_file: card attract
include_file: card rallywing
include_file: card unburdened
include_file: card run away
include_file: card essence scatter
include_file: card fishing trip
include_file: card quiet retreat
include_file: card hypnosis
include_file: card marine monster
include_file: card sharp-eyed wingmate
include_file: card barrier
include_file: card cruel fledgling
include_file: card rest
include_file: card magnitude
include_file: card toxic larva
include_file: card psywave
include_file: card scary face
include_file: card snatch
include_file: card sucker punch
include_file: card warning birds
include_file: card shadow ball
include_file: card smokescreen
include_file: card focus energy
include_file: card fury swipes
include_file: card zipping zapper
include_file: card galloping blaze
include_file: card enduring charge
include_file: card lavatrailer
include_file: card mournful newborn
include_file: card driven mad
include_file: card swords dance
include_file: card veil of flames
include_file: card gruff clutch
include_file: card shocking ewe
include_file: card thundering charger
include_file: card slashing sneak
include_file: card preying mantis
include_file: card caustic caterpillar
include_file: card fierce lunge
include_file: card a journey begins
include_file: card bridled growth
include_file: card prepare for trouble
include_file: card safe from harm
include_file: card spikehorn behemoth
include_file: card spotted slugger
include_file: card rustshell mantis
include_file: card roaring illusion
include_file: card full belly
include_file: card cheerful generator
include_file: card curious fossil
include_file: card ether
include_file: card focus sash
include_file: card metal coat
include_file: card quick claw
include_file: card unknown shores
include_file: card healing center
include_file: card chikyu league arena
include_file: card evolving wilds
include_file: card maternal monster
include_file: card cattle guard
include_file: card curious cubs
include_file: card dreamnapper
include_file: card event horizon
include_file: card morning sun
include_file: card innocence
include_file: card thundermane fox
include_file: card wings of trust
include_file: card wishing star
include_file: card depth charger
include_file: card determined koi
include_file: card familiars ruse
include_file: card seal of approval
include_file: card sludge-gill fox
include_file: card farewell
include_file: card leech seed
include_file: card ominous wind
include_file: card patient cocoon
include_file: card psychic assault
include_file: card shadow sneak
include_file: card waking pollution
include_file: card ace trainer
include_file: card adrenaline
include_file: card loyal firestarter
include_file: card metronome
include_file: card monstrous champion
include_file: card overheat
include_file: card tunnel moles
include_file: card volt vermin
include_file: card worried vulpine
include_file: card secret stash
include_file: card aggressive instinct
include_file: card barbed beast
include_file: card bee hive
include_file: card grinding
include_file: card hyper beam
include_file: card mighty beetle
include_file: card slashing pangolin
include_file: card wistful fox
include_file: card amulet coin
include_file: card wicked fossil
include_file: card gene pool
include_file: card ice path
include_file: card lake of rage
include_file: card power plant
include_file: card treasure beach
include_file: card victory road
include_file: card winding snake
include_file: card hopeful caretaker
include_file: card bird keeper
include_file: card perish song
include_file: card steelfeather shrike
include_file: card sunset herald
include_file: card zankon emas claws
include_file: card working together
include_file: card i choose you
include_file: card starlight emissary
include_file: card onigori emas shield
include_file: card tidepool turtle
include_file: card undecided mimic
include_file: card whirlpool ride
include_file: card heartless trainer
include_file: card twister of shadows
include_file: card nirami emas keeper
include_file: card rocket admin
include_file: card rocket poacher
include_file: card brighteyed trainer
include_file: card emonoru emas wings
include_file: card karinas training
include_file: card lava plume
include_file: card mountain runt
include_file: card wild encounter
include_file: card budding companion
include_file: card epic encounter
include_file: card quakestep behemoth
include_file: card slumbering bear
include_file: card call back
include_file: card warden of time
include_file: card masaru aspiring champion
include_file: card silent hypnotist
include_file: card professor maple
include_file: card queen of the hive
include_file: card skill sketcher
include_file: card lucky egg
include_file: card maples journal
include_file: card chikyu champion
include_file: card titanic fossil
include_file: card forgotten temple
include_file: card from beyond the grave
include_file: card acro bat
include_file: card stingsower
include_file: card trainers eyes
include_file: card one on one
include_file: card experienced team
include_file: card power of love
include_file: card egg bomb
include_file: card the rocket gang strikes
include_file: card luciens trail
include_file: card moonlight
include_file: card petal dancer
include_file: card expert belt
include_file: card old map
include_file: card paleontologist
include_file: card forest
include_file: card island
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card plains
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card skill link
include_file: card flame-tailed lizard
include_file: card elemental of surprise
include_file: card tyrant of tributes
include_file: card warden of lives
include_file: card warden of seas
include_file: card time stands still
include_file: card temporal aria
include_file: card insect
include_file: card extremespeed
include_file: card shadow sneak.1
include_file: card bear
include_file: card snail
include_file: card bird
include_file: card wurm
include_file: card treasure
include_file: card bear beast
include_file: card elemental mouse
include_file: card fox
include_file: card plant dinosaur
include_file: card dragon
include_file: card turtle
include_file: card tidesweeper gharial
include_file: card brutality
include_file: card from a seed
include_file: card duplicate
include_file: card lunar vigil
include_file: card viper ambush
include_file: card snake
include_file: card shrouded sanctuary
include_file: card revived pterosaur
include_file: card gym leader
include_file: card wild encounter.1
include_file: card night shade
include_file: card fogspewer
include_file: card bessie
include_file: card trainee karina oblay
include_file: card sanaito alone
include_file: card lucien the ravenous
include_file: card muggy mire
include_file: card practice range
include_file: card ruined shrine
include_file: card still waters
include_file: card wandering hamlet
include_file: card gym leader.1
keyword:
	keyword: Experience
	match: Experience
	reminder: Whenever this creature attacks, if it has fewer than three +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Harvest
	match: Harness
	reminder: You may tap a creature you control as you cast this spell. If you do, reduce this spell’s mana cost by that creature’s power.
	rules: 
	mode: custom
keyword:
	keyword: Vanguard
	match: Vanguard
	reminder: 
	rules: 
	mode: pseudo
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
